# v0.10.0 Breaking Changes

- The package hierarchy has been flattened. `blok.ui`, `blok.core`, `blok.context`, `blok.boundary` and `block.suspense` have all been moved into the root `blok` directory. You can do a find-replace for the above packages and get most of the way there. Keeping things this split up never made much sense and was generally more trouble than it was worth.

- Many places where closures were previously used have been removed. This is especially notable on Providers and mount/hydrate methods. For example:
  - `Provider.provide(() -> new SomeContext()).child(_ -> 'some view')` -> `Provider.provide(new SomeContext()).child('some view')`
  - `Client.mount(Browser.document.getElementById('root'), () -> 'some view')` -> `Client.mount(Browser.document.getElementById('root'), 'some view')`
  - If you need to get at `context` or make something reactive without wrapping it in a new Component, just use `Scope.wrap(context -> ...)`.

- `blok.data.Structure` has been renamed to `blok.data.Object`. `Structure` implies that the class might work like a struct (e.g. that it might pass by value rather than reference) which we should avoid.

- `@:constant` fields have been renamed `@:value` fields. `@:constant` was chosen to distinguish it from `@:signal` fields, which could change, but this makes less sense on Objects which don't have signals. Additionally it could be confusing since the fields are not constant in a more programming language sense. "value" is probably still a bit ambiguous, but it's better.

- `blok.signal.Signal#map` and similar methods have been deprecated. Instead, users should use `@:computed` properties. This will help ensure Signals are cleaned up correctly when Views are re-validated or disposed. 
